[Music]
so come back to my channel I'm back with
another video an initial view on three
bundles of Lutheran hair from my
favorite company ally grace I haven't
made a video in so long and that's
because my camera broke and I got a new
phone so now I can finally make videos
again but trust me guys I'm gonna be so
consistent it's gonna be a problem so my
feet bundles worship funk ferrets and it
gives it a little baggy like this that
very neatly inside of the net okay okay
miss I didn't it and this hair looks so
good I got three bundles of 22 and a 20
inch closure of loose weight hair I mean
all right I'm off your sword AB my hands
just went to it like butter like butter
oh my gosh let me see if there's any
shutting okay I'm not getting anything
all right I got this little piece of
hair but a little piece of hair but
nothing really drastic the bundle is
double wefted which is always great yeah
this hair is so nice I also got a 20
inch closure that came wrapped in a net
as well and inside a bag
okay this is the closure Wow
it is a 4x4 closure I don't know if you
guys could see this but you see how
there are some hairs that goes straight
down and then here at the front of the
closure there are some years I stick up
I really do not like that so that is
something I don't like about this
closure but everything else really is
wonderful
inside the bag I got this little beauty
blender and this little um fax slash
information booklet with their social
media how to wash the hair can it be
dyed can I be bleach well the pattern of
the hair be like go away after you wash
it and I really love this so that is
that you guys can see I'm sorry but
these bundles are literally beautiful
after I make my unit I'm definitely
going to come with at you guys with
about like a one month review after my
birthday after I install this so I'm
very excited for this hair let me see if
it really is as long as it says it is I
see okay so since it's mostly if it's
gonna curl up so it's at 18 not
stretched stretch it out that's about
like 22 stretched out so I'm very
excited I don't know if you guys can see
that but that's how long it would be on
down my back so I'm very excited to
install this so this is the end of the
video I hope you guys if you're not
subscribed already subscribe and smash
that like button thanks for watching